OSDOCS-17134 updated microshift files based on DITA feedback (#106228)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-olm-deploy-ops-global-ns.adoc

  channel: stable
  name: cert-manager
  source: operatorhubio-catalog
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----
+

> The `sourceNamespace` field defines the global namespace. Setting the `sourceNamespace` value to `openshift-marketplace` enables Operators to run in multiple namespaces if the catalog also runs in the `openshift-marketplace` namespace.

Reviewer: Maybe we could use the same entry that we used above? 

```suggestion
`spec.sourceNamespace`:: Specifies the global namespace. Subscriptions CRs in any namespace can reference catalogs created in the `openshift-marketplace` namespace.
```
